7.0.1 (#137)
MetaMask/KeyringController: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [7.0.1]
### Fixed

> - Fix issue introduced in 7.0.0 where QR Keyrings constructor erroneously receives an empty options object as argument ([#136](https://github.com/MetaMask/KeyringController/pull/136))

Reviewer: This problem is not specific to the QR keyring. Updated to be more of a generic description

```suggestion
- Fix breaking change in `addNewKeyring` function that was accidentally introduced in v7.0.0 ([#136](https://github.com/MetaMask/KeyringController/pull/136))
  - We updated the method such that keyrings were always constructed with constructor arguments, defaulting to an empty object if none were provided. But some keyrins ([such as the QR Keyring](https://github.com/KeystoneHQ/keystone-airgaped-base/blob/c5e2d06892118265ec2ee613b543095276d5b208/packages/base-eth-keyring/src/BaseKeyring.ts#L290)) relied upon the options being undefined in some cases.
```
